Privacy Policy
Out believes in online privacy and freedom and that it should be very clear how we manage and protect your personal information.
 
The Out Private Network
The core of our service is the Out Private Network which provides private and secure data transmission. If you are using the Out Virtual Private Network (VPN) Service, we route necessary part of your Internet traffic through our network. Our VPN client establishes and maintains an encrypted tunnel between your device and our network.
The Out network is a no-log network. That means, except for the limited exceptions below, we do not collect any information transmitted through our network. More specifically, we do not collect any information regarding the websites you visit assigned to you when you access the Out Private Network, and with respect to our VPN service, we do not collect any data stored on or transmitted from your device, including any data that applications on your device may transmit through our network.
There are a few exceptions where we may need to collect or monitor traffic through our network:
What information do we collect?
It may become necessary to temporarily maintain usage data to assist in debugging a problem with the service. This usage data may include such information as the date and time of your login and the IP addresses you visited. This personal information is not retained once the troubleshooting is resolved;
We perform automated rules-based traffic management for the purposes of maintaining and improving our service. Applying these rules may require real-time analysis of Internet and data traffic including destination websites or IP addresses, originating IP addresses. However, no log is maintained regarding this information as it is a real-time process.
 
Account Information
In order to enroll you in our service and maintain your account we need to collect your email address. We may also use your email address for billing and customer support. From time to time we may use your email address to request your feedback on our service, advise you of promotional offers regarding our current and new services and provide you with updates on our new products and product features.
 
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database is only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
 
 
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
 
Customer Support
We collect your email address when you request customer support. We also collect information regarding your support request. This information is used to address your inquiry or service problem and to improve our service.
 
 
Out
2016
